Update incorrect info in twilio.mdx docs (#16428)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/phone-login/twilio.mdx

![All the credentials you'll need](/docs/img/guides/auth-twilio/6.png)

> Now go to the Auth > Providers page in the Supabase dashboard and select "Phone" from the Auth Providers list (https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/YOUR-PROJECT-REF/auth/providers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now go to the Auth > Providers page in the Supabase dashboard and select "Phone" from the Auth Providers list (https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers).
```

Author: I didn't know this before, thanks for sharing the tip!

The SMS message sent to a phone containing an OTP code can be customized. This is useful if you need to mention a brand name or display a website address.

> Go to Auth > Providers page (under "Configuration") in the Supabase dashboard and select "Phone" from the Auth Providers list (https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/YOUR-PROJECT-REF/auth/providers). Scroll to the very bottom of the "Phone" collapsible to the "SMS Message" input - you can customize the SMS message here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to Auth > Providers page (under "Configuration") in the Supabase dashboard and select "Phone" from the Auth Providers list (https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers). Scroll to the very bottom of the "Phone" section to the "SMS Message" input - you can customize the SMS message here.
```
